{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 Authors and Contact Information\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs26 \
Dr. Chris Bridges draws upon his experience with multiple ESA spacecraft designs and deployments AMSAT-UK activity. He has extensive academic credentials covering a broad range of modern digital communications theory and practice. Contact Dr. Bridges at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:c.p.bridges@surrey.ac.uk"}}{\fldrslt c.p.bridges@surrey.ac.uk}}.\
\
Thomas Parry has experience in the design and manufacture of power and communication systems for ESA, NASA and commercial small satellites.  He currently works in mixed-signal IC design for Space and other applications. He is a keen proponent of open-source and community led initiatives. Contact Mr. Parry at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yrrapt@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt yrrapt@gmail.com}}. \
\
Michelle Thompson is an information theorist specializing in communications theory and design. She is CEO of Open Research Institute, an IEEE Distinguished Visitor, 2019-2021 AMSAT Director, and has contributed to a wide variety of amateur and commercial satellite systems since 1996. Contact Ms. Thompson at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:w5nyv@arrl.net"}}{\fldrslt w5nyv@arrl.net}}. }