{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 System Views
\b0\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs26 \
A System View defines the displays or interfaces. Views connect the user to the controller and allow the user to see updates from the system model. There are also internal views that connect subsystems and parts to each other. The content here is intended to support an interface control document (ICD).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 User View Definition\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
The minimal guaranteed operating mode is delivered by the analog transponder hardware state. Operators may access the communications resource with legacy communications modes. The mode transmitted in the uplink appears in the downlink signal. \
\
For digital modes, the user\'92s view of the data is determined by the application layer software functions in the ground stations of the operators involved in the communication. Functions in the application layer are supported and enabled by the content of the fields in the downlink packets and information contained in telemetry. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 User View Displays\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
A \ul Pan-Adapter Display\ulnone  of the uplink spectrum accommodates both digital and analog uplinks. A Pan-Adapter display centers the frequency spectrum of interest.\
\
A \ul Multi-Media Display\ulnone  centers the processed data in a User View. \
\
For example, an operator may choose to transmit video from a Raspberry Pi and text from a keyboard, with no audio. They may be receiving AAC encoded audio with still images from a GoPro updated every 20 seconds. They may be joined by someone that just wants to drop off a PDF. \
The Multi-Media Display view is HTML5. This allows the data received by the ground station to be accessed with nothing more than a web browser. \
Advanced experimenters can take the GSE stream directly and modify existing view software, or write their own view software. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\b\fs26 Telemetry View Definition
\b0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f1\fs26 \
System architecture must accommodate multiple types of telemetry. These types are Sensed, Derived, and Acquisition. \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Sensed Telemetry\ulnone  are values directly sensed and reported. These are values vital for stationkeeping and payload health. These include but are not limited to voltage, current, and temperature. \
\ul Derived Telemetry\ulnone  are values calculated from Sensed values. They are in general not directly measured by a sensor. They are calculated using Sensed values by any of a wide variety of techniques ranging from basic math to machine learning. \
\ul Acquisition Telemetry\ulnone  is information in the telemetry view that is used for station acquisition, authorization, and authentication. Acquisition Telemetry enables two of the three digital communication states. \
\
The telemetry view is a general purpose telemetry software engine that is driven by data from a file or a table. The engine reads from a file which tells the engine what to do. For example, the AO-51 telemetry program used a telemetry flat file that contained all of the telemetry decoding equations.  When the telemetry flat file was edited, the telemetry program then used the new equations. File-driven telemetry control for AREx is expanded to include what text to display and what fields and images to use.\
This approach allows operators, students, and experimenters to edit the config file and modify the telemetry display to customize it. This approach is the same approach used to control the file-driven default output for the SDR. \
\
For digital modes, power is a critical value. Values include the expected amount of power received, the expected amount of power transmitted, the noise levels, the measured power received, and the measured power transmitted. These values allow us to derive a very important value called signal to noise ratio (SNR).\
SNRs are vital for digital functions such as the station acquisition process and are a necessary input to adaptive coding and modulation. SNR, the list of successfully transmitting and receiving stations (occupied channels), and the list of stations requesting access are the primary inputs to the acquisition algorithm.\
The Acquisition Telemetry view can provide the information required for the station acquisition process. The telemetry view would present the identification of all stations that are currently assigned a channel. This is a view that the ground station would receive. If the station successfully hears itself in the downlink after a transmit probe, then it reports success back to the payload. The station is then moved to the main downlink channel and can use the communications resources offered by the payload.  \
This information can also be interleaved as downlink packets within DVB-S2/X. This approach is considered in-band signaling, in contrast to handling station acquisition through a separate telemetry channel. Either or both approach is valid. \
\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sensed Telemetry\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Derived Telemetry\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Acquisition Telemetry\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Voltage\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Power\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Occupied Channel List\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Current\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requesting Stations List\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Temperature\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
}