{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The SR1 and SR1-Pro are DVB-S2 demodulators from Ayecka Communications Systems Limited. Ayecka manufactures and sells satellite communication components. The company\'92s products include modems, receivers, converters, and trans-modulators. They also offer system engineering, architecture design, capacity planning, equipment selection, and site building services. Ayecka is based in Hod HaSharon, Israel. \
The SR1 is capable of generic stream encapsulation (GSE) as well as MPEG support. Three Phase 4 Ground members purchased the SR1 in mid-November 2016 in order to progress GSE development and to have additional DVB-S2 receive hardware to experiment with.  \
At $550-$600, the SR1 is relatively expensive. To our collective disappointment, the SR1 requires an upgrade in order to do GSE. The upgrade is a firmware build that unlocks GSE. The upgrade costs an additional $220. Once the $220 is paid, the firmware images are delivered via email attachment. The two images consist of a software image for the processor and a firmware image for the FPGA. The final step of the upgrade is to allow remote access to the SR1 for licensing. Remote access to the unit is accomplished through Teamviewer, telnet, remote desktop or SSH to the computer that the SR1 is connected to through a serial connection. Ayecka logs in and modifies a license. \
The email with the upgrade images includes a PDF document \'93Ayecka Broadband Products - user manual\'94. The most relevant part of the document is chapter 17 Images Management. \
}